ali Win hasan Lose
abbas Draw akbar Draw
abbas Draw akbar Draw
abbas Draw akbar Draw
sepehr Win asghar Lose
lucy Win fateme Lose
david Win kamran Lose
jason Win amir Lose
rahim Draw majid Draw
aria Draw sepehr Draw
sepehr Win ali Lose
mohammad Win sepehr Lose
sepehr Win ali Lose
akbar Draw sepehr Draw
reyhane Draw sepehr Draw
reyhane Draw sepehr Draw
reyhane Win sepehr Lose
sepehr Win david Lose
sepehr Win asghar Lose
sepehr Win aria Lose
aria Win sepehr Lose
sepehr Win aria Lose
sepehr Win aria Lose
aria Win hasan Lose
aria Win sara Lose
aria Win maryam Lose
sepehr Win aria Lose
sepehr Win ali Lose
aria Win roohi Lose
aria Win farimah Lose
aria Win asal Lose
sepehr Win aria Lose
sepehr Win aria Lose
sepehr Win sara Lose
pegah Win armita Lose
armita Win parmida Lose
raziye Win katayon Lose
satar Win sepehr Lose
s Win d Lose
aria Draw sepehr Draw
